docs: mention `listhen` options on nuxi dev page (#23415)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/5.commands/dev.md

The port and host can also be set via NUXT_PORT, PORT, NUXT_HOST or HOST environment variables.

> Additionally to the above options, `nuxi` can pass options through to `listhen`, e.g. `--no-qr` to turn off the dev server QR code. You can find the list of `listhen` options in the README of the [listhen repository](https://github.com/unjs/listhen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally to the above options, `nuxi` can pass options through to `listhen`, e.g. `--no-qr` to turn off the dev server QR code. You can find the list of `listhen` options in the [unjs/listhen](https://github.com/unjs/listhen) docs.
```

> Additionally to the above options, `nuxi` can pass options through to `listhen`, e.g. `--qr=false` to turn off the dev server QR code. You can find the list of `listhen` options in the README of the [listhen repository](https://github.com/unjs/listhen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally to the above options, `nuxi` can pass options through to `listhen`, e.g. `--no-qr` to turn off the dev server QR code. You can find the list of `listhen` options in the README of the [listhen repository](https://github.com/unjs/listhen).
```
